# Ding Project Documentation
## Project Introduction

Ding is a cross - platform CLI tool used to execute specific tasks. This project provides a convenient command - line interface and supports multiple operating systems.

## Installation Steps
### Environment Preparation
Ensure that you have installed the Go language environment (version 1.21 or higher).

### Build the Project
Execute the following command in the project root directory to build the project:
```sh
make build
```

### Install Dependencies
Project dependencies will be automatically downloaded during the build process. The main dependencies include:
- [github.com/twilio/twilio - go v1.24.0](https://github.com/twilio/twilio - go)
- [gopkg.in/ini.v1 v1.67.0](https://gopkg.in/ini.v1)

## Usage
### Run the Project
Execute the following command in the project root directory to run the project:
```sh
make run
```

### Test the Project
Execute the following command to test the project:
```sh
make test
```

### Package the Project
Execute the following command to package the project:
```sh
make package
```

## Dependency Explanation
The project's dependency information is recorded in the `go.mod` file. The main dependencies are as follows:
```go
require (
    github.com/twilio/twilio - go v1.24.0
    gopkg.in/ini.v1 v1.67.0
)

require (
    github.com/golang/mock v1.6.0 // indirect
    github.com/pkg/errors v0.9.1 // indirect
)
```

These dependencies will be automatically downloaded during the project build process.

## Clean the Project
If you want to clean the files generated by the project, you can execute the following command:
```sh
make clean
```

The above command will delete the `dist` directory and its contents.

## Contribution and Feedback
If you have any questions or suggestions, welcome to submit an issue or pull request.

## License
This project uses the [MIT License](LICENSE).